hey hey hey hey hi everyone my name is
Vanessa I'm a wellness coach and a group
exercise instructor and I would like to
share with you three key tips on how to
become a group exercise instructor if
you are on the fence perhaps about
becoming an instructor yourself and
you're thinking maybe I'm not good
enough or I'm too scared or how do you
even talk and teach and work out at the
same time and I'm here to tell you that
you can do it there's just a few key
steps that you have to take and I
promise you you too can become a great
exercise instructor so the first tip
that I have for you is to join a club or
anywhere really that will have different
exercise classes for you to attend
perhaps you love cardio kickboxing and
say for example you love turbo kick
which is a format that I personally
teach go into different turbo kit
classes experience how different
instructors teach and find out what do
you like about their teaching styles
perhaps what do you dislike what are
things that you really really would like
to do yourself when you become an
instructor or what are things that you
really didn't connect with if you want
to make sure you avoid also take lots of
classes to perhaps figure out what kind
of format do you like do you really love
cardio kickboxing do you really love
strength training do you really love
lifting find out what it is that you
really connect with and what you have a
passion for that you would like to
further pursue when you become a fitness
instructor my next step that I like to
offer you is to look into certifications
of that type of class that you really
have a passion for so for example say
you love cardio kickboxing we could look
into a primary group fitness
certification with one of the companies
or organizations like apple or a swear
you could have a primary certification
and cardio kickboxing and
you could come up with your own floor
mats put together your own music and
your own moves in a class or perhaps you
just love turbo kick which ila
personally so I would understand you can
look into a turbo kick training they
have specialty one day trainings where
you can learn how to become an
instructor in one day so I recommend
finding what it is that you love and
then looking into how you can become
certified in teaching that format and
the last tip that I have is to find a
mentor find someone that you feel you
can connect with whether it be someone
in your community that is perhaps an
exercise instructor that necessarily
doesn't teach what you want to teach or
it can be an instructor that you
absolutely love and you inspire to be
and ask them and say hey I really want
to become an instructor and can I work
with you will you please give me some
time on the mic tell me what it is that
I should improve on what am i doing well
in who should i contact in order to get
an audition what should i do just be a
sponge ask lots of questions and i'm
sure they will help you all of the
instructors out there including myself
all started where you are now thinking
should i do it can i do it absolutely
the things that we did are the things
that i just explained and shared with
you and those are one to look into
classes take a lot of classes to look
into the certifications of the specialty
that you love to teach and lastly find a
mentor because they are key they really
are key so if you are in the front or
even if you're in the middle of the
class and you're contemplating should
you be an instructor absolutely you can
do it so I'd really like to know what is
it that is holding you back and becoming
an instructor and please be honest me I
would love to share any thoughts and
ideas or per
similar experiences that I've had so
please leave a comment below and stay
tuned be sure to subscribe to my channel
so you will not miss any updates on more
videos that I have for you thank you and
I will see you again soon